Fix the TM separated distributed setup configurations (#6255)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/distributed-deployment/deploying-wso2-api-m-in-a-distributed-setup-with-tm-separated.md

     username = "$ref{super_admin.username}"
     password = "$ref{super_admin.password}"

     # Event Hub configurations
     [apim.event_hub]
     enable = true
     username = "$ref{super_admin.username}"
     password = "$ref{super_admin.password}"
     service_url = "https://[control-plane-host]:${mgt.transport.https.port}/services/"
     event_listening_endpoints = ["tcp://control-plane-host:5672"]
     ```

    !!! Info

>         Event hub configuration is used to retrive gateway artifacts. Using `event_listening_endpoints`, gateway will create a JMS connection with the event hub which then used to subscribe for API/Application/Subscription and Keymanager operations related events. `service_url` points to the internal API resides in the event hub that is used to pull artifacts and information from the db.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Event hub configuration is used to retrieve Gateway artifacts. Using `event_listening_endpoints`, the Gateway will create a JMS connection with the event hub that is then used to subscribe for API/Application/Subscription and Key Manager operations-related events. The `service_url` points to the internal API that resides in the event hub that is used to pull artifacts and information from the database.
```

      traffic_manager_auth_urls = ["ssl://traffic-manager-host:9711"]
      ```

    !!! Info

>         Throtteling configurations are used by the gateway to connect with the traffic manager. Gateway will publish gateway invocation related events to the TM using the `apim.throttling.url_group`. Traffic managers will receive these events and throttle decisions will be published to gateway. To receive these throttle decisions, gateway has to create a JMS connection using `throttle_decision_endpoints` and listen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Rate limiting configurations are used by the Gateway to connect with the Traffic Manager. The Gateway will publish Gateway invocation-related events to the TM using the `apim.throttling.url_group`. Traffic Managers will receive these events and rate limiting decisions will be published to the Gateway. To receive these rate limiting decisions, the Gateway has to create a JMS connection using `throttle_decision_endpoints` and listen.
```

3. Add the following configurations to the deployment.toml file to configure the Gateway environment. Change the `gateway_labels` property based on your Gateway environment.

    ```toml
    [apim.sync_runtime_artifacts.gateway]
    gateway_labels =["Default"]
    ```

    !!! Info

>         Once an API is deployed/undeployed, Control plan will send a deploy/undeploy event to the gateways. Using this configuration, gateway will filter out it's relevant deploy/undeploy events and retrieve the artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Once an API is deployed/undeployed, the Control Plane will send a deploy/undeploy event to the Gateways. Using this configuration, the Gateway will filter out its relevant deploy/undeploy events and retrieve the artifacts.
```

    ```

    !!! Info

>         This configuration is used for deploying APIs to the Gateway and for connecting the Developer Portal component to the Gateway if the gateway is shared across tenants. If the gateway is not used in multiple tenants, you can create a [Gateway Environment using the admin portal]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/deploy-api/exposing-apis-via-custom-hostnames/#using-a-new-gateway-environment-to-expose-apis-via-custom-hostnames).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This configuration is used for deploying APIs to the Gateway and for connecting the Developer Portal component to the Gateway if the Gateway is shared across tenants. If the Gateway is not used in multiple tenants, you can create a [Gateway Environment using the Admin Portal]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/deploy-api/exposing-apis-via-custom-hostnames/#using-a-new-gateway-environment-to-expose-apis-via-custom-hostnames).  
```

>         Please note that in the above configurations, `service_url` points to the `9443` port of the gateway node while `http_endpoint` and `https_endpoint` points to the `http` and `https nio ports` (8280 and 8243).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Note that in the above configurations, the `service_url` points to the `9443` port of the Gateway node, while `http_endpoint` and `https_endpoint` points to the `http` and `https nio ports` (8280 and 8243).
```

    [[apim.event_hub.publish.url_group]]
    urls = ["tcp://control-plane-1-host:9611"]
    auth_urls = ["ssl://control-plane-1-host:9711"]

    [[apim.event_hub.publish.url_group]]
    urls = ["tcp://control-plane-2-host:9611"]
    auth_urls = ["ssl://control-plane-2-host:9711"]

    ```

    ```toml tab="Single Control Plane"
    # Event Hub configurations
    [apim.event_hub]
    enable = true
    username= "$ref{super_admin.username}"
    password= "$ref{super_admin.password}"
    service_url = "https://localhost:${mgt.transport.https.port}/services/"
    event_listening_endpoints = ["tcp://localhost:5672"]

    [[apim.event_hub.publish.url_group]]
    urls = ["tcp://control-plane-host:9611"]
    auth_urls = ["ssl://control-plane-host:9711"]

    ```

    !!! Info
        As there are two event hubs in a HA setup, each event hub has to publish events to both event streams. This will be done through the event streams created with `apim.event_hub.publish.url_group`. The token revocation events that are received to an event hub will be duplicated to the other event hub using `event_duplicate_url`.

    **Add Event Listener Configurations**:

>     Below configurations are only added to the control plane if you are using the resident key manager (resides in the Control Plane). If you are using WSO2 IS as keymanager, you need to add these in the IS node. Once you add the below configurations, Control plane or Identity Server will listen to token revocation events and invoke the `notification_endpoint` regarding the revoked token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The below configurations are only added to the Control Plane if you are using the Resident Key Manager (resides in the Control Plane). If you are using WSO2 IS as Key Manager, you need to add these in the IS node. Once you add the below configurations, the Control Plane or Identity Server will listen to token revocation events and invoke the `notification_endpoint` regarding the revoked token. 
```

    **Connecting the Traffic Manager to the Control Plane node**:

    ```toml tab="Control Plane with High Availability"
    # Event Hub configurations
    [apim.event_hub]
    enable = true
    username = "$ref{super_admin.username}"
    password = "$ref{super_admin.password}"
    service_url = "https://[control-plane-LB-host]/services/"
    event_listening_endpoints = ["tcp://control-plane-1-host:5672", "tcp://control-plane-2-host:5672"]
    ```
 
    ```toml tab="Single Control Plane"
    # Event Hub configurations
    [apim.event_hub]
    enable = true
    username = "$ref{super_admin.username}"
    password = "$ref{super_admin.password}"
    service_url = "https://[control-plane-host]/services/"
    event_listening_endpoints = ["tcp://control-plane-host:5672"]
    ```

    !!! Info

>         With `event_listening_endpoints`, traffic manager is subscribed to the JMS stream of both event hubs. Once a policy related event is received, it will pull the execution plans from the `service_url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        With `event_listening_endpoints`, the Traffic Manager is subscribed to the JMS stream of both event hubs. Once a policy-related event is received, it will pull the execution plans from the `service_url`.
```

>     If the Traffic manager node is configured with High Availability (HA), configure throttling as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the Traffic Manager node is configured with High Availability (HA), configure rate limiting as follows.
```

    ```toml
    [apim.throttling]
    event_duplicate_url = ["tcp://traffic-manager-2-host:5672"]
    throttle_decision_endpoints = ["tcp://localhost:5672"]
    ```

    !!! Info

>         The `event_duplicate_url` will publish throttle decisions to the other TM node to maintain consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The `event_duplicate_url` will publish rate limiting decisions to the other Traffic Manager node to maintain consistency.
```
